If you don't already have docker installed, Docker already has some great guides on how to do it. The rest of this Section is about how to setup Docker on your specific OS, but if you already know which OS you want to install on, here's the short-list for downloading it. The videos after this Lecture are walkthroughs of installing Docker, getting the GitHub repo, getting a code editor, and tweaking the command line if you want to. Feel free to skip any and all of this if you have at least docker version 17.06 and like your current setup :)

Installing on Windows 10 (Pro or Enterprise)

This is the best experience on Windows, but due to OS feature requirements, it only works on the Pro and Enterprise editions of Windows 10 (with latest update rollups). You need to install "Docker for Windows" from the Docker Store.

With this Edition I recommend using PowerShell for the best CLI experience. See more info in the next few Lectures.

Installing on Windows 7, 8, or 10 Home Edition

Unfortunately, Microsoft's OS features for Docker and Hyper-V don't work in these older versions, and "Windows 10 Home" edition doesn't have Hyper-V, so you'll need to install the Docker Toolbox, which is a slightly different approach to using Docker with a VirtualBox VM. This means Docker will be running in a Virtual Machine that sits behind the IP of your OS, and uses NAT to access the internet.

NOTE FOR TOOLBOX USERS: For all examples that use http://localhost , you'll need to replace with http://192.168.99.100

Installing on Mac

You'll want to install Docker for Mac, which is great. If you're on an older Mac with less than OSX Yosemite 10.10.3, you'll need to install the Docker Toolbox instead.

Installing on Linux

Do *not* use your built in default packages like apt/yum install docker.io  because those packages are old and not the Official Docker-Built packages. 

I prefer to use the Docker's automated script to add their repository and install all dependencies: curl -sSL https://get.docker.com/ | sh  but you can also install in a more manual method by following specific instructions on the Docker Store for your distribution, like this one for Ubuntu.

What if None Of These Options Work

Maybe you don't have local admin, or maybe your machine doesn't have enough resources. Well the best free option here is to use play-with-docker.com, which will run one or more Docker instances inside your browser, and give you a terminal to use it with. You can actually create multiple machines on it, and even use the URL to share the session with others in a sort of collaborative experience.  I highly recommend you check it out.  Most of the lectures in this course can be used with "PWD", but it's only limitation really is it's time bombed to 4 hours, at which time it'll delete your servers.
